USAGE.md, before:

# Usage
Notes on some features

## Playback Speed
The speed slider is limited to 20x max, but the textbox on the left side will accept any value.
Notes:
- Speed >= ~30x will cause the player to shutter/glitch and silently spam requests to a Spotify API, which could increase the changes of your account getting banned. (~50x seems to work fine, so you may want to test different values).
- Speed >= ~200x will saturate CPU. Altough it seems to work fine, this may increase the chance of crashes or unexpected behavior.
- Shuttering may happen just after changing the value, but it might stop on the next song. There also seems to be a memory leak, but it goes away after some time. (?)

## Config Files
Since `v2.2.0`, Soggfy saves configuration files in `%appdata%/Soggfy` so you don't have to copy config.json on each update. They can be deleted using the `Uninstall.bat` script, or manually.

## High quality AAC
FFmpeg's native AAC encoder is known to generate poor quality files[^1][^2], the alternative encoder _libfdk_aac_ is not distributed in popular builds due to licensing issues (also because PowerShell doesn't support .7z); you need to either build it yourself or download from somewhere else:
- https://github.com/AnimMouse/ffmpeg-autobuild/releases
- https://github.com/marierose147/ffmpeg_windows_exe_with_fdk_aac/releases

To install it, add the binary folder in your `%PATH%` or copy it to the Soggfy folder (i.e. `Soggfy/ffmpeg/ffmpeg.exe`). Then select the "Custom" option in the format setting, and use these values:
- Arguments: `-c:a libfdk_aac -b:a 192k -disposition:v attached_pic -c:v copy` (you may change `192k` to your preferred bitrate)
- Extension: either `m4a` or `mp4`

# Refs
[^1]: https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Encode/HighQualityAudio
[^2]: https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Encode/AAC

Commit message:

Update README.md and USAGE.md
Fix some grammar errors, and add more info

USAGE.md, after:

# Usage
Notes and comments on some features, installation and usage can be found in [README](/README.md).

## Playback Speed
This feature allows faster downloads by forcing the player to decode audio quicker, it does not generate files of lower quality. The slider is limited to 20x maximum, but any value can be set in the textbox on the left side.
Notes:
- Speed >= ~30x will cause the player to stutter and silently spam requests to a Spotify API, which could increase the changes of your account getting banned or rate limited.
- Speed >= ~200x will saturate CPU (use 100% of a core or more). This could increase the chance of crashes or unexpected behavior.
Stuttering may happen just after changing the value, but it generally stops on the next song. There also seems to be a memory leak related to it, but it goes away after some time. (?)

## Config Files
Since `v2.2.0`, configuration files are stored in `%appdata%/Soggfy` so they are preserved between updates.

## High quality AAC
FFmpeg's native AAC encoder is known to generate poor quality files[^1][^2], the alternative encoder _libfdk_aac_ is not distributed in popular builds due to licensing issues (also because PowerShell doesn't support .7z); you need to either build or download it from somewhere else:
- https://github.com/AnimMouse/ffmpeg-autobuild/releases
- https://github.com/marierose147/ffmpeg_windows_exe_with_fdk_aac/releases

To install it, add the binary folder in your `%PATH%` or copy it to the Soggfy folder (i.e. `Soggfy/ffmpeg/ffmpeg.exe`). Then select the "Custom" option in the format setting, and use these values:
- Arguments: `-c:a libfdk_aac -b:a 192k -disposition:v attached_pic -c:v copy` (you may change `192k` to your preferred bitrate)
- Extension: either `m4a` or `mp4`

Note that some iPods may have issues playing AAC files generated by ffmpeg (https://trac.ffmpeg.org/ticket/7747)

# Links
[^1]: https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Encode/HighQualityAudio
[^2]: https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/Encode/AAC
